docs: :memo: describe the status icons and add planned icon (#153)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/design/interface.qmd

and how it is implemented as Python code.

::: callout-note
We use symbols to indicate parts of the design that are planned but not
being worked on, are presently being worked on, and that are done. For
work that is planned or is in progress, we include the function
signatures and docstrings to clarify the design. Once the interface is
implemented (done), we will remove the signatures from the documentation

> and point instead to the reference documentation. The symbols we use are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and point to the reference documentation instead. The symbols we use are
```

described in the table below.

| Status | Description |
|:-----------------------------:|:----------------------------------------|
| {{< var done >}} | Interface that has been implemented. |

> | {{< var wip >}} | Interface that is presently being worked on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {{< var wip >}} | Interface that is currently being worked on. |
```

> | {{< var planned >}} | Interface that is planned to be developed, but isn't a current priority. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {{< var planned >}} | Interface that is planned, but isn't being worked on currently. |
```
